Clarify how to manually update a repo (#429)
hacs/documentation: documentation/basic/updates.md

## Manually trigger updates

> On each RepositoryView (the page with details about the element), click the "kebab" menu in the top-right corner and choose "Redownload" from the dropdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On each RepositoryView (the page with details about the element), click the "kebab" menu in the top-right corner and choose "Update information" from the dropdown.

```

This page is about data updates, not about upgrading files.

Author: Noted, thank you - it wasn't clear for me.
